closes #677: adds templating for downloads (#679)
JuliaLang/www.julialang.org: downloads/index.md

~~~
@@ @@

{{ifdef upcoming_release}}

## Upcoming release: v{{upcoming_release}} ({{upcoming_release_date}})

>  We're currently testing release candidates for Julia v1.4.0, an upcoming minor release in the 1.x series of releases. We encourage developers and interested users to try it out and report any issues they encounter. As a prerelease, it should not be considered production-ready; it's intended to give users a chance to try out 1.4 with their code before the full release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 We're currently testing release candidates for Julia {{ fill ?? }}, an upcoming minor release in the 1.x series of releases. We encourage developers and interested users to try it out and report any issues they encounter. As a prerelease, it should not be considered production-ready; it's intended to give users a chance to try out {{ fill upcoming_release_short }} with their code before the full release.
```

Author: nicely spotted, thanks
